Added new property to hide oncoprint menu settings (#9220)
cBioPortal/cbioportal: docs/portal.properties-Reference.md

```
oncokb.token=
```

> OncoKB menu settings "cBioPortal>=" and "COSMIC>=" can be hidden by turning off the following property (default: true):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"cBioPortal>=" and "COSMIC>=" driver annotation sources in the settings menu of Results View can be hidden by turning off the following property (default: true):
```

Author: fixed

```

> show.oncokb.cbiocosmic=true|false

Reviewer: Naming is incorrect (see below).

Author: fixed
